I really like this game but honey I had
some more friends to play with I know I
should do a recruitment challenge I
should get the best of the best to join
my team but you know probably gonna do
this need to be stylish and no wrong
answers tolerated I know I got the
perfect anyone else for recruitment are
you doing recruit me in the janitor's
closet those eggs are me yeah is there a
deadly marksman here yes you sir are the
first to come up to do two tryouts for
king's army follow me hello I'm here for
the king's army recruitment that's right
welcome good sir so much hair at all I
see you already did alright marksman
tell me a little bit about yourself oh
I'm a really good troller I try to hang
out with all my friends and I really
wanted to be a part of the king's army
mm-hmm and what make you want to join
the king's army well I saw some of them
it was in the past and that poses in a
couple of them that I figured I should
put a good commitment to this channel
because I really am trying hard to make
it go somewhere I mean and one more
question marksman what's your opinion on
the leader drawing King hello good sir
and what is your name
hi do me a solid can you sit in this
chair right here thank you
all right so Guardians tell me a little
bit about yourself hmm very interesting
and why do you want to join the king's
army no answer sorry sir but that is the
wrong answer answer Wow just reject man
I hope I don't get you got a fucking
reject fuck jigs RV Yolo bitches all
right I don't really know like what
those aren't so weakly kidding likely
delay we quickly go over there and uh oh
yeah we're gonna need to get over there
quickly
oh you die we believe I was that not
supposed to be there
that's right weekly can you get it go
for it
thank you man you said it was the right
way sir wait wait I keep laughing enjoy
music thought you said you survived
because you looked over there I got RC
car again let's try this one more time
make sense I've even pull the trigger
it just blew off the fucking point
fucking put it on funky boy your fucking
teeth are rich fire she called jumpy
you're not supposed to put on the
fucking wheels you fucking a beer no no
that way no I think he does Facebook no
I swear I would not go myself for noclip
that was exactly it wasn't me
obviously someone threw c4 on the
fucking car Leggett blew me the fuck up
fuck you guys what there is no con this
map my RC car jackass fuck you guys
stop it let me get this he's a cool guy